CLEMONT: Move it, everyone!
Let's really step on the gas!
BONNIE: He sure
is acting weird...
ASH: Yeah,
normally he'd complain.
SERENA: I guess
he's really excited!
CLEMONT: We're going to an
Electric‐type celebration!
It's Zapdos Festival!
CLEMONT: As an Electric‐type
Pokémon Trainer,
I've always wanted to
witness this great event!
CLEMONT: You see, long ago a
tree in the center of Joule Town
was split by a bolt of
lightning sent by Zapdos.
CLEMONT: But amazingly, the tree
got larger and stronger
and became thick with berries.
The townspeople were overjoyed,
and that's when they
created the Zapdos Festival!
They did it with the hope
that Zapdos would appear again
and bring the town good luck,
and that's the story.
BONNIE: Uh what's a Zapdos?
CLEMONT: It's a powerful Pokémon
who can control lightning.
MOLTRES: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
CLEMONT: There's Moltres, the
Flame Pokemon we saw with Trevor
CLEMONT: And Articuno, the
Freeze Pokémon.
CLEMONT: And
finally, there's Zapdos.
CLEMONT: Together, they form a
trio of Legendary Pokémon!
BONNIE: Wow... Three Legendary
Pokémon.
I'd just love to see them!
DEDENNE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ZAPDOS: [ROAR]
CLEMONT: Zapdos?
BONNIE: Wowee
SERENA: I've never
seen it before!
CLEMONT: That means Zapdos
really has come back!
SERENA: I
got to see Zapdos!!
ASH: Isn't it cool?!
CLEMONT: Hey! We can't just
stand here!
We've got to get
moving!
ASH: Hold on! What's the rush?
CLEMONT: If we don't make it
town by the time Zapdos arrives,
I'm afraid we're going to
miss the festival's main event!
ASH: Hey Clemont,
are you all right?
CLEMONT: I'm okay,
but that was close!
ZAPDOS: [ROAR]
BONNIE: It sounds
like Zapdos is angry...
CLEMONT: Yeah.
I wonder what's wrong.
SERENA: It's too dangerous
to try to get to town now.
SERENA: We need to
find shelter somewhere.
I think I found a cave!
ASH: Great! I think
we should go quickly!
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
NARRATOR: While traveling
to the Zapdos Festival,
our heroes have
actually encountered Zapdos.
For their safety, they're
now forced to seek shelter
in a nearby cave.
BONNIE: That was scary!
SERENA: I think we should be
safe here for the time being.
CLEMONT: I still hope we can
make it into Joule Town before
the festival begins...
STAN: You said
Joule Town? Tell me!
STAN: Wait! I didn't
mean to scare you!
STAN: I'm truly sorry
about that. My name is Stan,
and I'm a paramedic.
CLEMONT: What
happened to your leg?
STAN: Strange. It's ironic that
a paramedic needs rescuing.
I was driving in that crazy
storm, when I had to make
a sudden turn and
crashed my ambulance.
SERENA: Oh no! Are
you badly hurt?
STAN: No, I was able to patch
myself up.
But more importantly,
there's something I really need
to ask you guys.
ASH: What can
we do?
STAN: Here. I need you to take
this over
to the hospitalin
town.
STAN: There's a child who's
waiting for this medicine.
It needs to get there as
soon as possible,
but I'm in this condition
STAN: I'm sorry for having to
ask in the first placebut
if you could please do this for
me...
ASH: So, we just need
to get it to the hospital.
STAN: Will you do it, guys?
ASH: Of course we will!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CLEMONT: But how can we
get there with all that
lightning going on?
STAN: This cave used to have a
direct connection straight into
Joule Town, but now the only
open route is outside.
STAN: A long time ago, the cave
was sealed off by a rockslide
STAN: The route's been
blocked off ever since.
ASH: No problem. I'm
glad you gave us a heads up!
STAN: You are?
ASH: Hawlucha! I choose
you!
HAWLUCHA: [APPEARING]
ASH: Hawlucha, quick! Use Karate
Chop and smash that rock!
HAWLUCHA: [KARATE CHOP MOVE]
ASH: Way to go, Hawlucha!
PIKACHU: [CHEERING]
HAWLUCHA: [GRATEFUL]
ASH: Now for the next step.
ASH: Noibat, I choose you!
NOIBAT: [APPEARING]
ASH: Use Supersonic to lead us
through the cave!
We've gotta
find the shortest route!
NOIBAT: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: Braixen, let's go!
BRAIXEN: [APPEARING]
SERENA: I want you to make a
flame to give us some light!
BRAIXEN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BRAIXEN: [DETERMINED]
ASH: Okay then, we're off!
CLEMONT: We'll get help for you
as soon as we get to town.
STAN:
Okay. Thanks a lot!
NOIBAT: [SURPRISED]
HAWLUCHA: [CONFUSED]
ASH: All right,
Noibat, see what's ahead!
NOIBAT: [SUPERSONIC MOVE]
NOIBAT: [CALLING]
HAWLUCHA: [EXPLAINING]
ASH: 'Kay ybody, let's go!
ZAPDOS: [ROAR]
JESSIE: We've got one mad Zapdos
on our hands! What do we do now?
MEOWTH: I didn't think catching
that large‐size lug was gonna be
this big of a pain in the neck
JAMES: Uh oh! Time for round
two!
JESSIE: It's good to remember
offense is the best defense!
Keep attacking with
that magnetic field!
MEOWTH: Ten‐four!
MEOWTH: Our magnet's out of gas!
ZAPDOS: [ROAR]
JESSIE: Move it, Meowth!
MEOWTH: Like lightning!
JESSIE: The term
Legendary fits well.
NOIBAT: [WORRIED]
PIKACHU: [WARNING]
NOIBAT: [SCARED]
ASH: Noibat! Hey, look out!
HAWLUCHA: [CALLING]
CLEMONT: Is
everybody all right?!
SERENA: Where's Ash?!
SERENA: Ash! Noibat! Hawlucha!
ASH: We're all okay!
ASH: How about you?
CLEMONT: Everybody's
all right over here!
ASH: That's a relief.
NOIBAT: [SCARED] [CONFUSED]
ASH: Hey. Everything will be all
right.
ASH: Don't forget we're
right here with you.
PIKACHU: [REASSURING]
HAWLUCHA: [REASSURING]
NOIBAT: [RELIEVED]
ASH: 'Kay, uys,
we're gonna smash through!
HAWLUCHA: [KARATE CHOP MOVE]
SERENA: Wait a
minute, stop, Hawlucha!
It's going to collapse!
HAWLUCHA: [FRUSTRATED]
SERENA: Ash! We'll take
Stan and try to get to town!
SERENA: Remember you've
got that medicine to deliver!
CLEMONT: You'd better get to
the hospital as soon as you can!
BONNIE: That
kid's depending on it!
ASH: You're right.
We're going, NOW!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Serena! Promise me you guys
will be careful! 'Kay?
SERENA:
Okay!
ASH: Let's get out of here.
NOIBAT: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
HAWLUCHA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
NOIBAT: [DETERMINED]
ASH: "Who's that Pokémon?"
ASH: "It's Zapdos!"
ASH: Not again
ASH: Ready, Noibat?
NOIBAT: [AFFIRMATIVE]
[SUPERSONIC MOVE]
ASH: Which way do we go?
NOIBAT: [CONSIDERING]
NOIBAT: [HAPPY] [CALLING]
ASH: It's that way. Move!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
HAWLUCHA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
NOIBAT: [EXCITED]
HAWLUCHA: [EXERTION]
NOIBAT: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: You're doing great, Noibat!
NOIBAT: [GRATEFUL]
ZAPDOS: [ROAR]
PIKACHU: [SCARED]]
ASH: It's Zapdos!
What's going on?
PIKACHU: [EXERTION]
ASH: What was that?
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
JESSIE: Us! We're
preparing for trouble, too
JAMES: And we're making it
double, exactly like you!
JESSIE: Still, we're protecting
the world from devastation.
JAMES: Still, we're uniting
all people within our nation!
JESSIE: To denounce the
evils of bullying and fear!
JAMES: To extend that fear,
because the Twerp is here!
‐JESSIE: Jessie!
‐JAMES: And James.
JESSIE: Team Rocket blasts off
with newfound courage
at the
speed of light!
JAMES: Surrender now or prepare
for a windswept, furious fight!
MEOWTH: It's Meowth! 'Kay, I'll
bite!
ASH: Team Rocket!
JESSIE: Zapdos! Give it a rest!
‐JAMES: Team Rocket time OUT!
‐MEOWTH: Enough
JESSIE: Meowth, NO!
MEOWTH: Oy vey...
ASH: All right, you guys,
what's going on here?!
ASH: You're up to no good again,
aren't you?!
MEOWTH: Honestly? Not this time.
MEOWTH: Here's the deal: We were
planning on grabbing a Pokémon,
as per usual...
MEOWTH: But we hadn't
planned on lugging a large load
like that big Zapdos.
HAWLUCHA: [ANGRY]
ASH: So that's what this is all
about.
Now I understand why
Zapdos is so angry.
JESSIE: So we got a
bit carried away...
ASH: Let's ask
Zapdos to let us through.
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
MEOWTH: Ask?!
ASH: We have to
deliver medicine.
MEOWTH: Are you out
of your Twerpish mind?!
ASH: Zapdos will listen to us!
PIKACHU: [ADAMANT]
ASH: This is all your fault.
We had nothing to do with any of
this! Let's go, everyone!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE: Cooperation is
good in this case. Right?
JAMES: Right! Besides,
if we split up, we're toast!
MEOWTH: Wait up! I don't
wanna be a dumb piece of toast!
ASH: Stay back.
You'll wreck this!
HAWLUCHA: [EXERTION]
PIKACHU: [SCREAM]
ASH: Zapdos, we're not
your enemy! Let us through!
PIKACHU: [PLEADING]
ZAPDOS: [NEGATIVE RESPONSE]
[THUNDER MOVE]
ASH: We're your friends!
We'll go with you to the Zapdos
Festival!
ZAPDOS: [ANGRY]
ASH: It's no good.
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
ASH: We're gonna have to
distract it some‐ how.
Talonflame, I choose you!
TALONFLAME: [APPEARING]
ASH: Lead Zapdos
away so we can run!
TALONFLAME: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ZAPDOS: [THUNDER MOVE]
TALONFLAME: [TAUNTING]
ASH: I know you
can do it, Talonflame!
TALONFLAME: [SURPRISED]
ZAPDOS: [THUNDER MOVE]
TALONFLAME: [DODGING] [STEEL
WING MOVE]
TALONFLAME: [DODGING]
ZAPDOS: [THUNDER MOVE]
TALONFLAME: [DODGING] ZAPDOS:
[EXERTION]
TALONFLAME:
TALONFLAME: [PAINED GRUNT]]
TALONFLAME: [STRUGGLING]
TALONFLAME:
[EXERTION] [FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
ZAPDOS:
[THUNDER MOVE] [EXERTION]
TALONFLAME: [EXERTION]
TALONFLAME: [SCREAM]
ASH: Talonflame, return!
HAWLUCHA: [DETERMINED]
HAWLUCHA: [EXERTION]
NOIBAT: [CONCERNED]
HAWLUCHA: [DETERMINED]
ASH: Noibat, let's leave this up
to Hawlucha! Come on!
PIKACHU:
[AGREEMENT]
NOIBAT: [WORRIED]
HAWLUCHA: [EXERTION]
[HIGH JUMP KICK MOVE]
ZAPDOS: [STARTLED]
HAWLUCHA: [EXERTION] [TAUNTING]
NOIBAT: [EXCITED]
ASH: Oh no, Noibat!
HAWLUCHA: [WORRIED]
ZAPDOS: [THUNDER MOVE]
HAWLUCHA: [PAINED GRUNT]
NOIBAT: [DETERMINED]
ASH: Noibat!
NOIBAT: [RISING YELL]
HAWLUCHA: [CONFUSED]
PIKACHU: [DISBELIEF]
NOIVERN: [DETERMINED]
NOIVERN: [AFFECTIONATE]
ASH: It evolved. Awesome
POKEDEX: Noivern. The
Sound Wave Pokémon.
The ultrasonic waves Noivern
releases from its ears are
powerful enough
to crush a boulder.
ASH: Hawlucha! You were awesome!
NOIVERN: [DETERMINED]
ASH: Are you sure you're good to
go?
NOIVERN: [DETERMINED]
NOIVERN: [ROAR]
NOIVERN: [DETERMINED] [EXERTION]
ZAPDOS: [THUNDER MOVE]
NOIVERN: [BOOMBURST MOVE]
ASH: What was that?!
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
ASH: I get it now. That means
Noivern's able to use Boomburst.
Wow!
ASH: I got a plan. Yeah, use the
terrain! Hide behind the rocks,
then sneak up on Zapdos from
behind and let 'em have it
with Boomburst!
NOIVERN: [EXERTION]
ASH: All right! Boomburst, go!
NOIVERN: [BOOMBURST MOVE]
PIKACHU: [SHOCKED]
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
JESSIE: And now,
while the Twerp's Noivern
has Zapdos distracted...
JAMES: That's our cue to catch
that magnificent Pokémon!
MEOWTH: Time to fire capture
missile, stat!
ZAPDOS: [ROAR]
MEOWTH: Yeah, that
worked like a charm!
JESSIE: Game! Set! MATCH!
ASH: No, not Team Rocket
JESSIE: Who else could
pull off such a jumbo feat?
JAMES: Snatching victory from
the hands of a Twerp is sweet!
MEOWTH: Now you can go
deliver that medicine using your
Twerpish little feet!
ASH: They make me so mad
NOIVERN: [ANGRY]
ASH: Noivern! You've
gotta help Zapdos!
NOIVERN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE: What's going on, James?
JAMES: Twerpish
trouble with a capital T!
ASH: Noivern! Boomburst! And
Pikachu,
use Thunderbolt, let's
go!
NOIVERN: [BOOMBURST MOVE]
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
JESSIE: We're
blasting off again!
ASH: 'Kay, oivern, use
Acrobatics to free Zapdos!
NOIVERN: [ACROBATICS MOVE]
ZAPDOS: [CONSIDERING]
ZAPDOS: [GRATEFUL]
ASH: All right! You
get it now, don't you?
ASH: Thanks,
Zapdos! You're the best!
ASH: And you're the
best, too, Noivern!
PIKACHU: [CHEERING]
HAWLUCHA: [CHEERING]
NOIVERN: [PLEASED]
ASH: Quick! Let's hurry up!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
MAN: You really helped us out.
ASH: Aw I just hope she
gets better soon! See ya.
MAN: Thank you very much!
ASH: 'Kay, Pikachu!
Let's go find everyone!
SERENA: Hey Ash!
SERENA: What about the medicine?
ASH: I just got it
to the hospital.
BONNIE: Yay for that!
ASH: So how's Stan doing?
SERENA: Looks like
there's nothing to worry about!
CLEMONT: Nurse Joy's
helping him at this very moment!
It looks like Stan's
going to be just fine.
ASH: Awesome.
PIKACHU: [REMINDING]
ASH: Oh yeah!
Take a look at this!
NOIVERN: [EATING]/[GREETING]
CLEMONT: Noivern?
You mean your Noibat...
SERENA: It must have evolved!
ASH: Right!
BONNIE: I really wanted to watch
when it evolved
DEDENNE: [AGREEMENT]
SQUISHY: [AGREEMENT]
ASH: Yeah, Noivern helped us
out like you wouldn't believe!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
NOIVERN: [EATING]/[CONFUSED]
ZAPDOS: [ROAR]
SERENA: Wow, can you
believe it?! It's really Zapdos!
CLEMONT: The Zapdos
Festival is about to begin!
ASH: All right!
This's gonna be fun!
CLEMONT: I've been
waiting for this
BONNIE: Me, too!
NARRATOR: After helping
the Legendary Pokémon Zapdos,
Ash and the rest of our
heroes are finally able to enjoy
the Zapdos Festival. And,
to add to the excitement,
Noibat has evolved
into Noivern,
as the journey continues!